hello yourself Kalsang experience online is
the video will show you personally the money plus it
Will personally gift cars to a friend
conditions are what you should
use the garage without an apartment and in it
there must be at least one free space
after these your car
which will copy and then
your friend kills you when he kills you
kills you click on the box and
start a duel with him after you share
quickly press x to be reborn
it is necessary to make it faster
as the invitation to the duel disappears
a short time but we need more
have time to reach your car your friend
until he confirms the entrance to the duel he is
make a raccoon the moment you
bump up against your gate
garage complexity is uglich exactly
is what exactly do it
you need to synchronously if you are all
do it right then you'll see that
your car to fall from the air in it
sitting bot IT'S
On this complexity glitchy already
ended after that you drive to
any task, that is, those here
these are family mugs around the city also you
press the to-do list and
cancel this duel entry either this
your friend will make for you in general
drive up to this blue mug
so what if when we go out
then we automatically get a task in
assignments when we dive we press
on zero and exit it and after that
when we leave you will see on the map that
There is a grin which is our original she
will be indicated by the tracker and also if
You are using this race here.
which now i have joined
this task is usually here. spam
on our second car exactly in this
place well in almost all
cases, it will be remembered here
I should say also that you can not
copy this way ponta or else
some supercars
and the holes and so on it will be
touch city ​​cars better
just use bravado buffalo machine
franklin she sells most expensive what
Do we have to sell cars with regard to
streets
that is, you initially tyunit your car
to maximum and after that only
proceed to the very bleach in general
Now we are on this one copying cars
drive up to los santos castoms and
and here we need to put on it
prevention of damage theft set
tracker as for now about
full coverage and I don't know she
need not be needed but I am for everyone
the case will put you very there
figure it out after we did
full coverage leaving my garage and
and from los santos custom a and we go to ourselves
to the garage in general here and you can
use any session that is, we
now in this case is used these
by invitation it also works in
regular sessions drive up to
garage and we will see that our car is already
copied that is our original will
stand in his own position where he is
Originally, we were already getting out
from another country where we had
free space and thus we
I copied this car but once again
I say that panto and some other
Ader cars or Sirius, that is
meaning you will not copy them anything
you can't do it exactly
use those machines that are steel
the garage is
bravado bull again says that she
the most profitable will be one of the most
profitable in which you can earn in
principle a good amount of money and also
maybe not yet
tried as I think what else of
Russian segment no one lay out
this grech we hurried
and, accordingly, have not yet checked for
that there is a threshold of 45 minutes or there is none
in the course it is not here so you can
most likely to sell cars without
thresholds of 45 minutes in general if you
liked this video then put
like subscribe to the channel also
go to vkontakte group and don't forget
what we do is cheat your
characters and download content links
will be in the description under the video
on this I say goodbye to you all good luck
until